APPROVAL


Kung sino ung may license lang sila lang ba ung allowable dun sa approvals?

Org structure


Vieweing access


Communication Tab >  


Lets say we have 3000 Members, do we need licenses ba for them even view and upload lang ung access nila?


Sa member portal > 


Can we have like a repository where all members can see on their accounts in case may mga pinapacomply kami


may limit ba kayo in terms of repository, na 

Just like nung tax report na form, 
we can also adapt ung forms natin same as how it looks like right?
like for membership application, 

from member's account, can they apply for a loan, then ung approval ay sa mga may licenses


Link, membership, 

Provided nyo ba yung website na yan or link na yan? 


yung communication > reminder na parang may missed payment sila

Ticketing> will be a loan application>



Link pwedeng Membership


Ano ung need nila,


Customer and member form


e signature 


parang may mamiminimize tayo na process 


very useful to sa management, lalo na kila sir jess sa reportings


Voting - 
Annually, nagkakaroon kami na election, is it possible to have a specific tab for members where they can see their submitted forms, or requirements\


members tab, na pwede silang maprompt  to choose or basta parang election or voting,

fix assets

financial system/ 

Payroll System/ 



loan management
savings

Savings withdrawal

“Hi ADEMC member, Thank you for participating the Dialogue.
To process the allowance, provide a copy of your TIN and e-sign on or before Aug 10 (Tuesday).
Send it to mark-anthony.principe@analog.com”








Logo 1
<a href='https://pngtree.com/so/laundry-clipart'>laundry clipart png from pngtree.com</a>

Logo 2
<a href='https://pngtree.com/so/logo'>logo png from pngtree.com</a>



other benefits



1. Purpose
1



















Announcements
-







1. Introduction
1.1 Purpose

The purpose of this document is to build an online web application to manage all ADEMC transactions including both the Operations and the Management processes.
 
1.2 Document Convention


1.3 Intended Audience and Reading Suggestions
The project will benefit all the ADEMC members, all ADEMC operations staff and officers and the Board of Directors. This will help these stakeholders to properly manage their transactions inside ADEMC.


1.4 Project Scope
The purpose of the ADEMC Web Application is to ease all the manual processes and to create and improve a convenient and easy-to-use centralized system. Specifically the system will cover the following:
-
- 
-




2. Overall Description
2.1 Product Perspective
2.2 Product Features
2.3 User Classes and Characteristics
2.4 Operating Environment
2.5 Design and Implementation Constraints
2.6 Assumptions and Dependencies

3. System Features
3.1 Functional Requirements

4. External Interface Requirements
4.1 User Interfaces
4.2 Hardware Interfaces
4.3 Software Interfaces
4.4. Communications Interfaces

5. Nonfunctional Requirements
5.1 Performance Requirements
5.2 Safety Requirements
5.3 Security Requirements
5.4 Software Qulaity Attributes